Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng was bitten silly and didn't kneel down
I go
Ah what
That's not possible.
He actually even took away the master's devil spirit
How could this demon spirit be confiscated?
Who the hell are you?
You don't recognize me, don't you recognize this magic weapon?
Kunlun mirror how is this possible
Isn't this a Kunlun mirror only available to emperors?
How could this level of hairstyle be in your hands?
What!
Kunlun mirror
territorial Taoist
Take a good look.
Zhang Shoucheng is a porter's waste
How can there be such a celestial-level magic weapon?
I see, this is the bastard used for discrimination
He took my spirit
How could this Kunlun mirror be fake?
Wanshou that day
The Kunlun mirror of the mountain's armed crown has been recovered
Did you do it?
Defense is impossible
This Kunlun Treasure Mirror Company armed officer
The Red Army master can't help it
How could he take it back?
You must have found a way to steal the Kunlun mirror
Hmph little thief chops Zhao
The dinosaur is dead.
Too bad it's of no use to me